---
layout: default
title: About - Brett Chalupa
permalink: /about/
---

# About

First and foremost, I am a human being. I try to live a simple life and
do what I love. I live in Portland, Oregon, USA. I recently moved to
Portland after growing up and living on the east coast. I am enjoying
the change of environment very much.

My job is doing software development for a non-profit organization
called [charity: water](http://charitywater.org). I primarly build tools
for charity: water's partners and the internal team. I work remotely. I
really enjoy working for charity: water because I believe in the overall
mission, the folks are great, and the nitty-gritty work is challenging
and rewarding.

When I am not working, I enjoy making things. From cooking to drawing to
programming, I enjoy dabbling in a variety of creative hobbies. One of
my primarily focuses lately has been creating video games. I do not have
much to share yet, but I will in the future.

When I am not making things, I enjoying playing video games, reading
novels, reading manga (Japanese graphic novels), and watching films and
shows. Lately, I have really been enjoying the _Dark Souls_ games. I
[write](http://www.peacefulrespite.com/) and
[tweet](https://twitter.com/peacefulrespite) about video games under the
moniker "Peaceful Respite." My favorite author of novels is Haruki
Murakami. My favorite manga artist is Naoki Urasawa. My favorite film
director is David Lynch.

This website is my little corner of the web to share what I make and
what I am up to.
