Date: 12 February 2013 10:13pm
---
layout: post
title: "On Writing"
date: 2013-02-12 22:13
tags: thoughts
---

In an effort to spend each day doing what I love, I have started to form a daily routine of activies. This routine includes sketching, reading, muscle training, yoga and writing. Over the past four weeks I have written over 150 notes. Most of them are unpolished and incomplete thoughts. There are some thoughts that are ones I want to share, which I intend to do.

I am not trying to say that I write a lot. What I am trying to say is that I think a lot, and writing down my thoughts is one of the clearest ways I can express myself. I want to share those thoughts here, on my website.

In a certain light, it is therapuetic to write out my thoughts. It feels like I am talking to myself, and it often gives me a new perspective on that subject.

What I have been writing is varied, ranging from rants to reasoning to ideas. The experience of writing things down is really eye-opening, and at the end of week, month, year, etc. you have a nice journal of your thought process throughout time.

Writing about ourselves, our thoughts, our beliefs and our issues helps us learn more about ourselves. That enlightment is what helps us grow and become more aware humans.

In an effort to write more, I am going to spend a little of each day in March writing fiction. My goal is to have a short work of fiction by the end of the month. I have never written fiction, and to be honest, I am a little scared that it will feel a bit off. That's the reason I want to do it, though. I want to conquer that fear and create a story, setting and characters that I believe in.
